README.md, before:

# Lines
The official repository for Lines

### What is Lines?
Lines is a basic calculator that calculates the slope, y-intercept, and equation for a linear graph. However, Lines can do many more things too.

### What OSes does Lines work on?
Lines only works UNIX and UNIX-like systems (Linux, FreeBSD, etc). Also, Lines is 64-bit only. I do not plan to make a 32-bit version anytime soon.

I don't provide any Windows binaries, so you'll need to compile those yourself. However, the Lines source code should be Windows compatible, although I'm not making any guarentee about that.

### Features
* You can find a graph's equation, y-intercept, and slope using two coordinate points
* You can find a graph's equation and y-intercept using the slope and one coordinate point
* You can generate coordinate points (see the Notes below)

### Notes
1. For generating coordinate points, you'll have 3 options.

### License
Lines is currently licensed under the [GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html), version 3 or later.

Commit message:

Add contributin info and links to Lines Wiki

README.md, after:

# Lines
The Swiss Army Knife for linear graphs.

**NOTE: Lines is NOT  graphing calculator. It does not make a graph using an equation from your answer or by inputting one in the calculator.**

# What is Lines?
Lines is a basic calculator that calculates the slope, y-intercept, and equation for a linear graph. However, Lines can do many more things too.

# What OSes does Lines work on?
Lines only works UNIX and UNIX-like systems (Linux, FreeBSD, etc). Also, Lines is 64-bit only. I do not plan to make a 32-bit version anytime soon.

I don't provide any Windows binaries, so you'll need to compile those yourself. However, the Lines source code should be Windows compatible, although I'm not making any guarentee about that.

# Features
* You can find a graph's equation, y-intercept, and slope using two coordinate points
* You can find a graph's equation and y-intercept using the slope and one coordinate point
* You can generate coordinate points (see the Notes below)

For more information on Lines, see the [Lines Wiki](https://github.com/generic-pers0n/lines/wiki).

# Notes
1. For generating coordinate points, you'll have 3 options. See the Lines Wiki for more details.

# Contributing
For information on contributing, see [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/generic-pers0n/lines/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md).

# License
Lines is currently licensed under the [GPL](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html), version 3 or later.
